h1. Jekyll

By Tom Preston-Werner, Nick Quaranto, and many awesome contributors!

Jekyll is a simple, blog aware, static site generator. It takes a template directory (representing the raw form of a website), runs it through Textile or Markdown and Liquid converters, and spits out a complete, static website suitable for serving with Apache or your favorite web server. This is also the engine behind "GitHub Pages":http://pages.github.com, which you can use to host your project's page or blog right here from GitHub.

h1. Extension Overview

This extensions introduces a Table of Contents which can easily be added to a post, using "_jekyll_ext_":http://github.com/rfelix/jekyll_ext, which allows you to extend the Jekyll static blog generator without forking and modifying it's codebase. 
With this code, not only do your extensions live in your blog directory, but they can also be shared and reutilized.

Use this extension with _jekyll_ext_ by just cloning this repo into the <em>_extensions</em> directory of your blog: <code>https://github.com/kernl/jekyll_tableofcontents.git _extensions</code>

More information about _jekyll_ext_ can be found here: "Jekyll Extensions -= Pain":http://rfelix.com/2010/01/19/jekyll-extensions-minus-equal-pain/

h1. Usage

The ToC works by reading the headers on a post and saving them with hierarchy.

Example:

@h1. Introduction@
@h2. Overview@
@h2. Technical Details@
@h3. Login System@
@h1. Development@
@h2. Duration@
@h1. Conclusion@

Gets transformed into the following hierarchy:

* Introduction
** Overview
** Technical Detail
*** Login System
* Development
** Duration
* Conclusion

*WARNING* So this hierarchy can work the titles must start with the lowest index which shall be used (e.g. if @h3.@ is used, @h1.@ or @h2.@ cannot be used within that post).

h2. Adding ToC to a post

To add this feature to a post you will just need to add the following token to the desired post, at the correct position of the article:

@<!-- TOC -->@

h2. Customizing ToC Appearance

To see how to customize the appearance let's look at the following example:

<pre><code>
<div class="standard_div"><div class="toc">
<p id="toc_title">Article contents</p>
<ul>
	<li class="depth_1"><a href="#Defining_a_Recursive_Function" class="toc_link">Defining a Recursive Function</a>
	<ul>
		<li class="depth_2"><a href="#Identifying_the_extreme_cases" class="toc_link">Identifying the extreme cases</a></li>
		<li class="depth_2"><a href="#Identifying_general_cases" class="toc_link">Identifying general cases</a></li>
		<li class="depth_2"><a href="#Merging_it_all" class="toc_link">Merging it all</a></li>
	</ul></li>
	<li class="depth_1"><a href="#Converting_Recursive_Function_to_Iterative" class="toc_link">Converting Recursive Function to Iterative</a>
	<ul>
		<li class="depth_2"><a href="#Back_to_Fibonacci" class="toc_link">Back to Fibonacci</a></li>
	</ul></li>
</ul>
</div>
</code></pre>

To customize the ToC, you can use the following CSS rules:

.toc {}
.toc_link {}
#toc_title {}
.depth_1 {}
.depth_2 {}
.depth_3 {}
.depth_4 {}
.depth_5 {}
